# FSU-2022-26
Projects from my time spent at FSU, these projects were very self guided (Doesn't include programs/projects that may be reused by the university)

The first class I took with truly individual projects was Computational Evolutionary Biology. In this class, we used AI to help build code of concepts that we would learn. These concepts went from newick trees, the coalescent, and many other high-level concepts. I included only my final project in the repo as it shows that with the information I learned in the class, I had found a topic that goes further. For the topic I decided to look into protein mutation matrices, there are a few variants I tested against eachother to see if with data I would get tress that differed a lot from eachother. The full paper and project are in the repo. 

A class I took that allowed me to understand biological data analysis widely was Bioinformatics, taught in R at FSU. For a Midterm project, we used real RNA-Seq data from a list of datasets. I analyzed data on the affect of retonic acid breakdown on proximal and distal regeneration of limbs in Axolotls. For the final project, I had analyzed SNPs in immmune cells in a GWAS study. The final project had expectations of analysing larger data and having a more in-depth analysis. In Both of these projects, you can find a .rmd file that has the code, outputs, and the analysis I conducted for both projects. Tables are also provided. 

For my senior year, I also enrolled in Symbolic and Numeric Computation for Scientific Applications. In this course, we had understood Matlab semantics by having weekly quizzes on a textbook. The class was experimenting in a different teaching style, where we would read the chapter in the textbook and take quizzes, but use AI primarily through prompting. This course had shown me how to prompt ChatGPT to get viable code and how to look for mistakes within ChatGPT. For the first project, I extended off of my work at the Kira Lab at the time to also make a simulation of how the rat responds to stimuli given a coefficient of how well the neurons generalize the sitmulus. I also had made a small program to take in neuronal data to see if it had generalized the stimulus with a threshold of how close the response has to be to be considered "generalized". For the second project, I had made educational game theory simulations, including a simulation where I integrated genetics and evolution into the pigeon simulations.I had also investigated Q-learning in individual pigeons and a population of pigeons. As an extra side project to this, I made a playable prisoner's dilemma game. 


